I used to think that things happened for a reason  But I guess my thoughts are changing like the seasons 
Like what am I holding onto and what do I still believe in 
'Cause what I thought about life is different than what I'm seeing   Open Mic Night 4/21/15   Open Mic Night 2/17   I'm playing to win the remastered #RaceForYourLifeCharlieBrown DVD from #getFRUSH #SOHH!     Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes yesterday :)   So, I'm gonna be performing at this song writing thing tomorrow night...if you wanna come out and support, that'd be cool.   Just got back to my dorm from the hospital. Thanks to everyone that helped me before and after the surgery Alexander Serkan Bennett Alex Avery Matt Carlton James Richard Post   New verse for a contest I'm entering. I'll put up the voting link when the voting starts (probably tomorrow).   One of my favorite albums of the year is up for a free download for the rest of today. Definitely one of the most unique albums I've heard in a while, and you definitely can't go wrong with checking it out since it's free.   The title says it all   R.I.P. Heavy D   "'Forget the limits and floor it'--I told myself as I'm driving/'it's better to just ignore it and forget you ever tried it/but to abort it--if I said I didn't think it, I'd be lying/how can I raise a dream with all the bull that I'm buying"   Listening session for some dope Christian hip-hop in about 45 minutes. Anyone who logs in and checks it out gets a free download of dude's album   "My friends, they want to grow up; but me, I want to slow down/this life is too short to wish that everything would go now/so press pause on the tape before the finish/you can capture the future, I'd rather capture this image"   And they said that playing video games was a waste of time...   "Today I'm my biggest fan, tomorrow my biggest critic/that's why I've taken so long on music I never finish/when you're in the state of mind that every line's a beginning/tell me from behind my bars where's the end of the sentence"   "It's sad thinking 'bout what the culture has done/turning a nice kid into a killer and a thug/went from watching Dragonball and playing games just for fun/to trying to act hard and walking 'round with a gun"   Nice review. It's great to see Ambassador redeemed through the grace of God and come back as strong as ever :) I would like to point out that this is his 4th album, not his third. Christology, The Thesis, and The Chop Chop came before this album.   women's hotdog eating contest on ESPN? O_o... Happy birthday, America   track I made a few months ago...mixtape on the way   Track I made a few months ago for a project...the mixtape is on the way...   2 years since the King of Pop died. R.I.P. Michael Jackson   Win Beats by Dr. Dre Headphones & more in the @DaSouth.com @Xist_Music STOP THE FUNERAL GIVEAWAY! http://bit.ly/iWm3kg #STFgiveaway   Happy birthday, 2Pac. R.I.P.   I just got a free download of Japhia Life - Live from the Pharmacy at http://freedownloads.rapzilla.com/japhialifepharmacy   "Live with the end in mind" - Tedashii   "The only answer I know is that I should be great/so pray for me while I'm chasing after my own fate"   Some pretty cool free music, including tracks from Lecrae and Tedashii. Definitely worth checking out if you're into Christian music   "I'm black, ya'll/and I'm black, ya'll/and I'm blackity, black, bla-black black, ya'll"   "I never said I'm ready to die, but I accept it/Never said I'm ready for war, but I'm protected/I don't even know when it's coming, but I expect it" - The Roots   Met the dude who made this song, Vik Man, at the YMCA today. Check him out, dude is dope and doin it for the Lord   "My music isn't Christian...I am" - Japhia Life   I will not believe that Osama bin Laden is dead until I see the long form death certificate   If you wanted to know how Osama Bin Laden was killed--this is how   James Richard Post's house has power :O playing ps3!   I may have got rid of my hip-hop collection and changed to Christian hip-hop when I got saved, but Illmatic is still my favorite album of all time. 17th anniversary of the release of the greatest hip-hop album of all time   I've come to a realization--Canadians are better than Americans at music.   If you didn't know, now you know--new track I made for a project. Produced by myself. Check it out and leave me some feedback   workin on my first beat in months...feels good to work on music again :)   "I was Taylor-ed to snatch the mic Swift-ly like (Kan)ye did/and lay it down for the king like a sleigh bed/and they can kill me now, go get the yellow tape/hey, put me 6 feet in the ground and watch the great escape" - Lecrae   Lecrae's new album, "Rehab: The Overdose" is beeeeaaaaasssssttttt. Everybody's gotta check it out   yet another day off tomorrow -__-   BOBCATS! 4 straight wins! DJ Augustin > D. Rose (at least tonight)   man...The Game sucked :P   doooope Christian short-film by Iz-Real.    no school tomorrow once again. don't we have to make tomorrow up since we already ran out of weather days?   huh...there's no school tomorrow again   used Pay What You Want to purchase the album 'EXCLUSIVE: The Layover' by Soul P (http://yawma.net/albums/552-exclusive-the-layover) from YAWMA.   no school tomorrow :O   SEAHAWKS!!!   finally :P   happy new year :)   Okay, 4th time's the charm--I WILL finish making this mixtape! Gotta have something to use as a demo eventually :P   used Pay What You Want to purchase the Giving Game   Music Bundle (http://groupees.yawma.net/gr8), a YAWMA exclusive promotion which combines a great indie game and stellar indie album, with 25% of all proceeds going to charity. Get it while you can and support a great cause! http://youtu.be/NtHc5LJyQsw   just downloaded for FREE the game 'Max and the Magic Marker' by PressPlay (http://yawma.net/games/68-max-the-magic-marker) from YAWMA.   used Pay What You Want to purchase the Giving Game   Music Bundle (http://groupees.yawma.net/gr8), a YAWMA exclusive promotion which combines a great indie game and stellar indie album, with 25% of all proceeds going to charity. Get it while you can and support a great cause! http://youtu.be/NtHc5LJyQsw   2...more...finals...   so right now, Madison City Schools are gonna get out early tomorrow--11 AM for Bob Jones. Can we please just make that a full day off?   mp3 player broke :(...time to break out the cassette player :D   woo! the sporting event of the weekend (for me) is on! no, not the iron bowl--it's a mediocre basketball team (charlotte bobcats) vs another mediocre basketball (houston rockets)! woo!   $3 of free MP3s on Amazon right now with the code GET3MP3S   Wait, how is it that Auburn is the underdog for the Iron Bowl?   surprising dope   "I gotta write 'til my words turn hollow with the pen/and if you don't understand that, then I don't mean to offend/but I used to waste my words and I can't continue that trend/so I had to take a grip of that life and watch it end/and now you're listening to the eulogy/it was a good run, but it's what used to be/and even though I find myself missing those memories/I gotta let it rest in peace and simply let it be"   feels like the only person who doesn't like harry potter :P   LOL this is seriously the best sports rant i've ever heard XD   "The money's nice, but I can't let it control me/and sometimes it's scarier than a horror movie/'cause what else is there that can take your life or soul much quicker/or screw up your mind just like a bit of liquor"   "Look, take each part of my life like album snippets/enough to hear the spirit, but just a few lines of lyrics/but honestly, there's not much more to listen to/all I did was repeat the same things 'til the next song transitioned through"   daaaaaaaaaang, the eagles are absolutely killing the redskins   dope Christian rapper from Cali, Sevin. "That's the truth if it was ever said/my voice eternally echoes within the booth, so I'm never dead "   got a 30 on my first try on the ACT without any studying whatsoever...not bad   i hate tic tac toe...   "It's not a question of if I can, it's if I should/is that really me or have I misunderstood?/sometimes it takes being blinded for you to see/and for the first time, 20/20 is how the world looks to me"   3 and a half hours of research and typing = finished research paper ^_^   well, I guess i should probably start on my research paper that's due monday...   Get the New Hawk Nelson Song 'Skeleton' for FREE and enter to win great prizes from Hawk Nelson. http://go2w.in/hawk   I need to somehow raise $1050 for a new keyboard and recording equipment, but I'm not allowed to get a job. I could sell my old piano for around $1500-$2000, but I'm not allowed to. I can't sell music to raise the money because I still need the equipment to make the music. Any ideas from anybody?   woo! i always buy my music, so it doesn't affect me at all :D   "It takes years to build a friendship, seconds to watch it crumble/years to build up confidence, a moment to be humbled/but just let the dice roll, hope it lands on your number/our fate ain't in our hands, so learn to stand after each stumble"   dang...that "Once Brothers" documentary on ESPN is sad :(   "Life is like an elevator, a lot of ups and downs/people pushing your buttons and getting jerked around" - Lecrae   "Satisfaction only comes when you settle for 2nd best"   loves listening to acapella rap   almost done with the mixtape/ep...   lol   does it bother anybody else that Hoover is apparently so much better than us at football that while we're on local TV, Hoover is on ESPN?   Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status, word for word, and see if they notice   This article is soooooo true   "I'm trying to be the best that I can, trying to fit the picture that's painted/but I never fit in the frame, so they said I never made it/put the painting on the wall, my heart flies off the canvas/the things you see now are the things you never imagined"   woo, gonna be gettin a new phone this week =D   smh...i don't wanna be goin back to bridge street for a while :P   Ever wanted to play a game where you play as Michael Jordan and save a basketball team from the clutches of an evil scientist? And your weapons are flaming basketballs that you pull out of thin air to defeat giant eyeballs, spiders, zombies with basketball heads, and robotic gorillas? No? Well, I just paid $5 for it...   "A poet who doesn't write on a page, only in his brain/so when they come out, no words have been erased/everything that runs through his mind, you hear/so you can see it all before it disappears"   to anybody in lit mag/creative writing 2: is there supposed to be a meeting tomorrow? cause i don't really pay attention to the announcements...   "The better man isn't the one willing to die for a cause/it's the one willing to live for what everyone else fought"   check out mah boi's (Robert Ding) new blog site. it's the shiz! lol   "It takes the honesty of our hearts to realize we've been lying to ourselves"   