Post for testing for senior design   I just got out of class because my teacher's wife went into labor. Ok then. No complaints here.   My Linear Algebra teacher pronounces matrices like "mattresses." And I thought I was supposed to be learning math.   15 hours later, the power's back on. Let's hope it stays on!   Kick Bama Kick! 34-28 Auburn!   War Eagle! On the way to the top!!   Finally put it out there last night. Needless to say, I'm pretty relieved.   Definitely worth watching, even though it's long. Well done and moving.    "You don't know what it's like, to be like me 
To be hurt, to feel lost, to be left out in the dark
To be kicked, when you're down
To feel like you've been pushed around

To be on the edge of breaking down
When no one's there to save you
No you don't know what it's like
Welcome to my life"   "I'm tired of looking 'round rooms wondering what I've got I do or who I'm supposed to be. I don't wanna be anything other than me."   "Anyone perfect must be lying. Anything easy has its cost. Anything plain can be lovely. Anything loved can be lost."   "If ya love me, won't ya let me know?" Violet Hill, Coldplay. If only it were that easy.  =/   Good question: "Why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than two men holding hands?"   Totally bored. Send me a message if you feel like having a convo over the next week til I get back to TN.   "And you stood tall, now you will fall." Lullaby, by Sia. We all have something that could bring us to our knees.   "On the outside, there's more to see. On the outside, we choose to be."   "I won't give up on us, Even if the skies get rough.
I'm giving you all my love,
I'm still looking up!"   I shall be making at least one person's day tomorrow. Be jealous! And if you know what I'm talking about, DON'T GIVE IT AWAY!  =P   The physics test has been moved to Monday! No joke! Spread the word!   "Hahahaha. Barry funny!" Haha. Shorty's awesome!   First update from the new smart phone! I'm loving this whole  Swype thing!   Stupid wisdom teeth! Just going around makin' trouble!   Gonna play lazer tag tomorrow!   Who's in? It was empty today. 4 or more people would be awesome!   The most gheto elevator/chairlift thingy EVER!!!!!!   "I'm never goin' down! I'm never givin' up!"   is thinking about playing lazer tag this weekend. Who's in?   If anyone wants catapult videos from 3rd block, send em to mine.   Definitely just printed all the graphs for his lab upside down..... It's been a long night.   is DON'T FORGET BLACK SOCKS!!!!!   Do an anti-rain dance! I don't think my sax can survive being poured on twice! =P   is Just got the facebook app to work on my alarm clock! Success!!! =P   I wouldn't normally post a video but this one gives an interesting angle...    Our roof has a leak! Isn't that just fantastic!?   Finally a Facebook!!!   